---
layout: post
title: Sparse Grid Imputation Using Unpaired Imprecise Auxiliary Data: Theory and Application to PM2.5 Estimation, ACM TKDD, 2023.
date: 2023-11-24 08:00:00 +0800
description: You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. # Add post description (optional)
img: TKDD2023.png # Add image post (optional)
fig-caption: # Add figcaption (optional)
tags: [TKDD, Sparse, Imputation, PM2.5]
---
Sparse grid imputation (SGI) is a challenging problem, as its goal is to infer the values of the entire grid from a
limited number of cells with values. Traditionally, the problem is solved using regression methods such as
KNN and kriging, whereas in the real world, there is often extra information—usually imprecise—that can aid
inference and yield better performance. In the SGI problem, in addition to the limited number of fixed grid cells
with precise target domain values, there are contextual data and imprecise observations over the whole grid.
To solve this problem, we propose a distribution estimation theory for the whole grid and realize the theory via
the composition architecture of the Target-Embedding and the Contextual CycleGAN trained with contextual
information and imprecise observations. Contextual CycleGAN is structured as two generator-discriminator
pairs and uses different types of contextual loss to guide the training. We consider the real-world problem of
fine-grained PM2.5 inference with realistic settings: a few (less than 1%) grid cells with precise PM2.5 data
and all grid cells with contextual information concerning weather and imprecise observations from satellites
and microsensors. The task is to infer reasonable values for all grid cells. As there is no ground truth for
empty cells, out-of-sample MSE (mean squared error) and JSD (Jensen–Shannon divergence) measurements
are used in the empirical study. The results show that Contextual CycleGAN supports the proposed theory
and outperforms the methods used for comparison.


Cite our paper
>M.-C Yang, G.-W. Wong and M.-C.Chen, "Sparse Grid Imputation Using Unpaired Imprecise Auxiliary Data: Theory and Application to PM2.5 Estimation," in ACM Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data.
